hi guys welcome back to our last makeup
tutorial channel so a couple of weeks
ago I did a strawberry lipstick look and
you guys really liked it so I decided to
undo a couple more fruit looks so today
I'm going to show you how to do this
pineapple lipstick look and it kind of
looks like I have a green mustache right
now but I don't care so let's get
started okay so first I'm taking this
yellow face paint from snazaroo and I'm
applying this entirely over my top and
bottom lip until they're completely
covered and completely yellow I'm also
making sure to go over my Cupid's bow in
a rounded shape next I'm taking this
orange face paint also from snazaroo and
I'm using a very thin brush to apply
diagonal lines going across my top and
bottom lip in both directions once I've
done this I'm still using that orange
base paint to apply small dots in the
center of each of the diamonds next I'm
taking this white base paint from mirin
and I'm using a thin brush to apply a
line directly next to each of the orange
lines on the lower side this is just
going to give them a nice highlight and
lastly I'm taking this green face paint
from snazaroo and I'm using a brush to
apply jaggedy lines starting from the
very top of my top lip and coming down
to about halfway down the lip these are
going to represent our pineapple leaves
okay and now we have our completed
pineapple lipstick look if you guys
enjoyed this one today and you would
like me to do some more fruit lipstick
makeups let me know by giving this video
a thumbs up and don't forget to hit the
subscribe button if you haven't already
I do upload new videos twice a week
every single week and as always thank
you so much for watching guys I will see
you for the next tutorial
they look like I have a green monstah